More Bazelmod code examples. (#2713)
bazelbuild/rules_rust: examples/bzlmod/compile_opt/README.md

# Hello World with compiler optimization

> By default, rules_rust you can define compiler option for each binary target. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each binary target can have its own compiler options, and these can be customised differently for different optimisation levels.
```
